hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I'm back with another highly
requested recipe from you guys and today
I'm going to show you how to make kimchi
at home as we all know kimchi is a very
popular Korean side dish and it's very
delicious so let's begin without any
further delay shall we
first of all transfer your chopped napa
cabbage in a large bowl and give it a
good wash with cold water next add 5
tbsp of salt or sea salt in a bowl and
mix it together with a clean hand now
leave the ball in a dry place for 4 to 5
hours after 4 hour wash the cabbage 2-3
times and squeeze the cabbage so that
there is no water left now in a large
bowl add the cabbage fish sauce ginger
and garlic paste sugar thinly chopped
onion and carrot and coriander ed pepper
flakes and mix everything together with
the clean hands once the mixture is
nicely combined taste it and add red
flakes or salt to a taste you can adjust
the taste as per your liking now
transfer your freshly made kimchi in a
tight container and close the jar and
keep it in the kitchen counter for 4 to
5 days or until the kimchi is fully
fermented and gently shake the container
every day or so to distribute the
flavors evenly and enjoy your delicious
kimchi after 4 to 5 days I like to enjoy
mine with steamed rice and pork curry it
tastes amazing so please give it a try
I'm pretty sure you and your family will
love it and please watch my kimchi fried
rice recipe I have already uploaded that
video for you guys it's super easy to
make and it tastes amazing so
that's all for today and see you guys
soon bye-bye
[Music]